{"status":200,"data":[{"news_id":1,"news_content":"  Adelaide Strikers have beefed up their squad ahead of the fifth season of WBBL with experience - snapping up West Indies captain Stafanie Taylor and England's Lauren Winfield. The duo will share the third overseas player's role in the side for the upcoming season, with Taylor being available for the first two and the last two games - as well as the finals (provided Adelaide qualify) - while Winfield will play in the games that Taylor doesn't.  \n  Taylor arrives for the Strikers with oodles of experience - even so in the T20 tournament. She was part of the Sydney Thunder's title-winning side in the inaugural season and only last year became one of the four players of their roster to go past 1000 WBBL runs. The off-spinner also picked 19 wickets in the 2018 season, the most for Thunder.  \n  Taylor, West Indies' batting mainstay and the team's leading run-getter in both the limited-overs format, expressed her excitement of joining up with the Strikers.  \n  \"I'm very much excited about WBBL (this year), especially in a new environment,\" said Taylor, who is the leading run-scorer for West Indies in both formats of the game. I don't know much about the team, but I am mostly looking forward to playing alongside Suzie (Bates) and Sophie (Devine). And my favourite colour is blue,\" Taylor said.  \n  The England international who will share game time with Taylor - Winfield - also comes with rich T20I success. She recently finished as England's leading run-getter in the T20I leg of the Ashes, and has also led the Yorkshire Diamonds in the Women's Super League - the women's T20 tournament in England. Winfield, a very exciting opening batter with a 50-over World Cup triumph on her glowing CV, talked up the prospect of playing at a club with a 'fantastic culture' and the advantage it presents - of not having to face Megan Schutt.  \n  \"Adelaide has always looked like a club with a fantastic culture, both in the women's and the men's. It will certainly be nice to play alongside Megan Schutt rather than having to face her hooping in-swingers! Joining a new team is always exciting and I can't wait to get stuck in. I just hope to score as many runs as I can, contribute to the group and ensure we make the finals,\" Winfield said.  \n  For a side that's yet to inaugurate its trophy cabinet, the two new recruits will be crucial. Taylor and Winfield will not just bring an overall spike in the batting and bowling quotient of the side but also enhance them with their immense leadership skills. Expectedly, the SACA General Manager, High Performance, Tim Nielsen was chuffed.  \n  \"Stafanie and Lauren are welcome additions to the Strikers and will add significant depth to our batting and bowling ranks. Both have impressive playing histories and we're thrilled to attract international players of such high caliber to Adelaide; it really speaks volumes of the environment that we've created here. Both players have significant leadership experience that will be valued on and off the field, particularly in continuing to develop some of our younger local players,\" Nielsen said.  \n  Strikers will kick-off the new season against Melbourne Renegades at home on October 19.  ","news_title":" Strikers bolster squad with Stafanie Taylor and Winfield signings ","news_date":"Thu, September 26, 2019"},{"news_id":2,"news_content":"  Barbados Tridents slipped to their third defeat in five fixtures - by 12 runs - in a start-stop chase, the result of which was eventually decided by the Duckwoth-Lewis-Stern method. It meant league-leaders Guyana Amazon Warriors galloped to their sixth win on the bounce to extend their lead at the top of the table.  \n  That feat was made possible, first by a devastating spell from Chris Green, and then a top-of-the-order batting effort from Brandon King that put their side ahead of the eight-ball with the chance of rain looming.  \n  Keemo Paul, Romario Shepherd and Imran Tahir - with two in a single over -made the early incision on the hosts, reducing them to 64 for 4 in seven overs. Duminy led a slow but important recovery, but had no support from the lower-middle order - each batsman caving for a single-digit score.  \n  From 85 for 5 at the halfway stage, the Tridents folded for 138 in the final over, leaving room for the visitors to mop up another victory. Brandon King led the way in that endeavour with an unbeaten half-century, as even multiple rain breaks couldn't rescue a point for the home side.  \n  When the first rain intermission came, the Amazon Warriors had reached 77 for 2 in 10 overs - 16 ahead of the par score as per DLS method at that stage. When play resumed, it did for just one over - from Duminy - which saw King get past his half-century before another spell of showers forced the players indoors. This time though there was no coming back, as the Amazon Warriors were awarded the game based on DLS method.  \n  Brief Scores: Guyana Amazon Warriors 81/2 in 11 overs (Brandon King 51*) beat Barbados Tridents 138 in 19.2 overs (JP Duminy 38; Chris Green 4-14) by 12 runs (DLS Method)  ","news_title":" Chris Green, Brandon King secure sixth straight win for Amazon Warriors ","news_date":"Mon, September 23, 2019"},{"news_id":3,"news_content":"  Brandon King scored an unbeaten 59-ball 81 as Guyana Amazon Warriors cantered to an eight-wicket victory at the Daren Sammy International Stadium in Gros Islet. The win, achieved with 10 balls to spare, extended the Amazon Warriors' winning run to seven games, the team as yet unbeaten in this 2019 season of the CPL. In contrast, St Lucia Zouks captain Daren Sammy lamenting his side's failure to stitch back-to-back wins, which is exactly what they'll now require from their final two games to qualify out of the league stages.  \n  This game served as a microcosm of the one big malady afflicting the Zouks this season - their inability to drive home advantageous match situations. Curiously, Sammy opted to bat first on Wednesday (September 25) night hoping to replicate their efforts from the previous day. But against an incisive bowling attack, their openers - Andre Fletcher and Rakheem Cornwall - were dismissed inside the PowerPlay.  \n  As has been the case through the season, Guyana's spin twins, Chris Green and Imran Tahir, were hard to put away. While both spinners conceded at less than a run-a-ball despite operating inside the fielding restrictions, Tahir padded his fine effort with a maiden and a couple of wickets. Incidentally, the two combined at a crucial juncture to dismiss Colin Ingram (25 off 14), who'd hit two sixes and an equal number of fours in a 56-run third-wicket stand with Colin de Grandhomme.  \n  Tahir getting Ingram not only forced de Grandhomme into a period of consolidation, it also exposed the crumbly Zouks middle-order to an inquisition from Ben Laughlin. Jahmar Hamilton and Sammy fell cheaply to Laughlin as the Zouks innings petered away despite scoring 80 in the first 10. To his credit, de Grandhomme kept the fight on. He was reprieved on 12 when Sherfane Rutherford dropped a dolly-of-a-catch and made most of a second life by smashing as many as five sixes in his 37-ball 65. Christopher Barnwell smashed three consecutive sixes off Romario Shepherd. But despite that 22-run assault in the 19th over, Zouks managed only 36 from the final five overs, finishing on a tame 161.  \n  The total was never out of Guyana's reach once new opener Brandon King and Chandrapaul Hemraj added a half-century stand inside the PowerPlay. The visitors lost Hemraj and Shimron Hetmyer in quick succession but with King clouting sixes at will - hit six in all - and an experienced Shoaib Malik quietly turning the strike-over, the win was achieved without breaking a sweat.  \n  Brief scores: St Lucia Zouks 161/7 in 20 overs (Colin de Grandhomme 65; Ben Laughlin 3-12, Imran Tahir 2-23) lost to Guyana Amazon Warriors 162/2 in 18.2 overs (Brandon King 81*; Fawad Ahmed 1-24) by eight wickets  ","news_title":" Brandon King shines as Guyana make it seven from seven ","news_date":"Thu, September 26, 2019"},{"news_id":4,"news_content":"  Superb opening bursts from Joe Mennie (3 for 39) and Kane Richardson (3 for 25) crippled New South Wales's top-order and ensured that South Australia logged in their first points of the 2018-19 Marsh Cup. Opting to bowl first at the Allan Border Field, Brisbane, South Australia's new-ball bowlers ripped through NSW's batting line-up, reducing them to 27 for 5 and effectively sealing the contest. None of the top-five NSW batsmen reached double figures with Jack Edwards and Moises Henriques falling for a duck, Daniel Hughes made 7, Kurtis Patterson was dismissed for 9 and Nicholas Bertus fell for 5.  \n  Skipper Peter Nevill attempted to rescue the situation and added 64 runs for the sixth wicket with Daniel Sams (35). He then further added 40 runs for the seventh wicket with Arjun Nair (22), but it was then followed by another mini-collapse as NSW slipped from 131 for 6 to 139 for 9. With only number 11, Harry Conway, for company, Sean Abbott threw his bat around to make a 24-ball 26, but he was the last man dismissed with NSW's score on 173.  \n  South Australia went about the modest chase in a sedate fashion with each of their top-four batsmen getting a start. Wicket-keeper batsman, Alex Carey, set the tone with a fluent 36 while Jake Lehmann chipped in with 37. South Australia did endure a minor blip, slipping from 129 for 2 to 150 for 5, but Tom Cooper (73-ball 53) ensured that it didn't stand in the way towards them completing a five-wicket victory with 11 overs to spare. Having chased down the total in 39 overs, it also ensured that South Australia won with a bonus point and left NSW winless after two matches, leaving them bottom of the pile with fellow strugglers Tasmania.  \n  Having secured their first points, South Australia now go home to play Tasmania in their next match on Sunday (September 29th) while NSW will look for a change of luck at home as they host Western Australia on Monday (September 30th).  \n  Brief Scores: New South Wales 173 in 38.4 overs (Peter Nevill 40, Kane Richardson 3/25, Joe Mennie 3/39) lost to South Australia 177/5 in 39 overs (Tom Cooper 52*, Jake Lehmann 37, Arjun Nair 2/42) by five wickets  ","news_title":" Mennie, Richardson leave New South Wales winless ","news_date":"Thu, September 26, 2019"},{"news_id":5,"news_content":"  A top performance on his Caribbean Premier League debut saw Akeem Jordan bowl St Kitts and Nevis Patirots to a comfortable six-wicket win at home against St Lucia Zouks. Jordan picked up a wicket in each of his four overs to finish with figures of 4 for 33 that restricted Zouks to 138/9, which was chased down with ease by the home side.  \n  The day belonged to Jordan though who finished with the second-best figures ever for a CPL debutant. He took just three balls to strike as Andre Fletcher slapped a short and wide delivery straight to backward point. In his second over, he got the big wicket of Rahkeem Cornwall who had just picked up a boundary before his dismissal. In his attempt to smash the ball again, Cornwall got a thick outside edge that flew to third man where Sheldon Cottrell took a nice low catch.  \n  Jordan continued to bowl in the powerplay and started off his third over with two successive boundaries as Kavem Hodge looked to take charge. Unfortunately, a short ball proved to be his undoing as Jordan had the last laugh. The batsman took on the short ball and found the only fielder at the deep midwicket boundary to leave his side reeling at 39 for 3 after five overs.  \n  The procession continued as Usama Mir rounded off the powerplay with the fourth wicket of the innings. Patriots never recovered from the setback wickets continued to tumble at regular intervals. Post Thisara Perera's dismissal, Colin de Grandhomme took on the bowling attack to fetch a few boundaries but Mir got rid of the New Zealand allrounder and bowled a wicket maiden in the 12th over to stamp his side's authority.  \n  Jordan then came back to add one more to his tally as Patriots scratched their way to 138 in their allotted overs. Devon Thomas didn't last beyond eight deliveries in the innings as he found the third man fielder to perfection but at the other end, Lewis enjoyed a lot of luck as he was dropped once each in the first couple of overs. He made the opposition pay by fetching a couple of sixes in the next four deliveries immediately after the drop.  \n  Laurie Evans and Lewis then took on Hardus Viljoen as they took him apart for 20 runs in a single over. Fawad Ahmed the bowled a beauty to get rid of Evans just before the end of the powerplay but with the scorecard reading 62/2 after the six-over mark, Zouks needed something special to pull off a win. The hopes quickly vanished as Mohammad Hafeez slammed back-to-back fours off Kesrick Williams with Lewis ending the same over with a four and a six.  \n  Patriots were content on playing out Fawad and targetted the rest. Lewis reached his half-century with a six over deep square leg and went on the rampage adding one more six and two fours off the next three deliveries. The assault ended in the same over when a mistimed shot ended his sublime innings. But with only 21 more runs required off nine overs post Lewis' innings, victory was only a mere formality.  \n  Brief scores: St Lucia Zouks 138/9 in 20 overs (Colin de Grandhomme 30; Akeem Jordan 4-33, Usama Mir 2-13) lost to St Kitts and Nevis Patriots 143/4 in 14/5 overs (Evin Lewis 65, Mohammad Hafeez 26; Fawad Ahmed 1-11) by six wickets  ","news_title":" Jordan picks four on debut as Patriots pick up easy win ","news_date":"Mon, September 16, 2019"},{"news_id":6,"news_content":"  Trinbago Knight Riders posted the highest ever total in CPL history which is also incidentally the highest ever total in franchise cricket in the format on Friday (September 13) as their batsmen went on a rampage to score 267 in their allotted 20 overs against Jamaica Tallawahs. In reply, the Tallawahs put up a fight but a target of 268 was too much to ask for as they lost comfortably by 41 runs to remain winless in the competition.  \n  A poor show with the ball from the home side didn't help matters at the start as they ended up bowling seven no-balls and 12 wides with Lendl Simmons cashing in big time. The experienced opener after surviving a drop chance and a run-out off the same delivery was then caught off a no-ball two balls later. Even though Zahir Khan ended Sunil Narine's stay at the crease, Knight Riders had already posted 65 in the powerplay. Simmons continued to ride his luck as he got two more reprieves in the tenth over when the Tallwahs fielders failed to latch onto catches.  \n  Simmons then continued his assault making the Tallawahs pay and, at the other end, Colin Munro eased in as well as the two batsmen showed no respite for the bowlers. Once Simmons went past fifty, Munro followed suit with a reverse sweep six off Zahir Khan as Knight Riders reached 158 in just 14 overs. Simmons then pummelled Oshane Thomas for six and three fours in the following over before his luck ran out as he was first caught off a free-hit before getting run out off the same delivery in bizarre fashion.  \n  The wicket hardly did any damage to the scoring rate though as skipper Kieron Pollard joined Munro as the duo smashed boundaries at will in the slog overs to carry Knight Riders to an imposing score. Munro finished unbeaten just four short of a century while Pollard made 45* off just 17 balls.  \n  In reply, Tallawahs were always going to struggle without their talisman allrounder Andre Russell especially in a monumental run chase. Russell, who had been hit on the helmet the previous night, sat this game out. To make matters worse, around the halfway mark, Rovman Powell had to retire hurt as he walked off due to pain in his lower abdomen after hitting a six. Prior to that, Chris Gayle and Glenn Phillips helped Tallawahs off to a good start in the chase smashing 67 in the powerplay.  \n  Phillips was the aggressor of the two early on fetching 20 off the second over of the innings. Gayle caught up later with two fours and two sixes off Sunil Narine before Mohammad Hasnain pegged the hosts back with two wickets in the same over. Gayle was first beaten for pace to lose his stumps and Chadwick Walton then managed to get only a top edge while attempting a pull against the Pakistani pacer.  \n  The chase was effectively over when Phillips and George Worker fell in the space of eight deliveries. Javelle Glen and Ramaal Lewis entertained at the end with a few boundaries to cheer up the home support but that only managed to push the match aggregate to 493 - the second-highest ever in all T20 cricket.  \n  Brief scores: Trinbago Knight Riders 267/2 in 20 overs (Colin Munro 96*, Lendl Simmons 86, Kieron Pollard 45*; Zahir Khan 1-45) beat Jamaica Tallawahs 226/5 in 20 overs (Glenn Phillips 62, Chris Gayle 39; Mohammad Hasnain 2-51) by 41 runs  ","news_title":" Record-breaking Trinbago Knight Riders make it four in four ","news_date":"Sat, September 14, 2019"},{"news_id":7,"news_content":"  St Lucia Zouks made a timely jump up to fourth place on the CPL 2019 standings with a clinical 20-run victory over the St Kitts & Nevis Patriots at the Daren Sammy International Stadium in St Lucia on Tuesday (September 25). The win was spearheaded by three-wicket hauls from Hardus Viljoen and Kesrick Williams following a late flourish from Daren Sammy that propelled the hosts to a competitive 165/6.  \n  Sammy's 19-ball 30 and his 56-run stand for the sixth wicket with Christopher Barnwell (27*) was particularly crucial in Zouks' win given that they'd thrown away a dominant start and were left precariously placed at 101 for 5 with eight overs to go.  \n  Put in to bat, Zouks openers Rakheen Cornwall and Andre Fletcher got the home team off to a flier before the highly impressive Alzarri Joseph bowled Cornwall after the batsman hit a couple of sixes. But Fletcher carried on, and with a steady Colin Ingram for support, ensured there was no dip in the scoring rate.  \n  From 72/1 at the end of the seventh over, Zouks lost their way as Mohammad Hafeez strangled the batsmen with his canny off spin. Both set batsmen, Fletcher and Ingram, were stumped off strategically bowled wides after setting off down the track a tad too early, allowing Hafeez to fire the ball wide off their reach. The Pakistan all-rounder also accounted for the dangerous Colin de Grandhomme while Keron Cottoy dismissed Andre McCarthy putting the Patriots in control before Sammy swung the pendulum back in the hosts' favour. The former West Indies captain struck three fours and a six in his 19-ball effort and despite a great effort in the death from Alzarri Joseph (2 for 20), was able to give the Zouks a fighting total.  \n  The Patriots were behind the eight-ball for the full length of their run chase. Openers Devon Thomas and Evin Lewis were prized out inside the PowerPlay, forcing Laurie Evans and Hafeez into a period of consolidation. To their credit, the two Patriots batsman kept the the team in the hunt with a 49-run stand but the ever-burgeoning asking rate was always going to elicit a risk or two.  \n  After a brief rain-enforced interruption, Williams hammered home Zouks' advantage with a double-wicket 13th over, first deceiving Evans with a slower ball for a caught & bowled and then pinning the in-form Fabian Allen LBW. Carlos Brathwaite fell in the next over to Fawad Ahmed, who also accounted for Hafeez. Between the two dismissals, Viljoen cleaned up Shamarh Brooks as the visitors lost 5 for 26 post the rain delay. Cottoy and Emrit only delayed the inevitable with four sixes between them before Zouks ran home comfortable winners.  \n  Brief scores:St Lucia Zouks 165/6 in 20 overs (Andre Fletcher 36, Daren Sammy 30; Mohammad Hafeez 3-22) beat St Kitts & Nevis Patriots 145/9 in 20 overs (Mohammad Hafeez 29; Hardus Viljoen 3-14, Kesrick Williams 3-48, Fawad Ahmed 2-19) by 20 runs.  ","news_title":" Zouks climb up CPL standings with clinical win over Patriots ","news_date":"Wed, September 25, 2019"},{"news_id":8,"news_content":"  Guyana Amazon Warriors bulldozed past St. Kitts and Nevis Patriots to seal an easy seven-wicket win in an away game in St Kitts on Saturday (September 14). Qais Ahmad bagged three as the home side folded for 121 in 19 overs and then saw the visitors chase it down in 15.5 overs.  \n  Put in, Patriots lost Devon Thomas in the second over but moved steadily to 36 in the powerplay. However, Laurie Evans's run out by Imran Tahir orchestrated a collapse as Ahmad dismissed Mohammad Hafeez. Jason Mohammed struggled and managed just 4 as Shamarh Brooks held one end up to make 34. There was very little support for Brooks though as Chris Green, Tahir and Keemo Paul bagged two wickets each.  \n  Alzarri Joseph hit a boundary and a six late in the innings, and took the score past 120, but enough damage had been done to leave Patriots gasping.  \n  To make matters worse for the hosts, Brandon King came out and smashed 49 off 24 to kill the chase early. Warriors made 64 in the powerplay but lost King and Shimron Hetmyer in quick succession to wobble a touch. Chandrapaul Hemraj chipped in with 22 before Shoaib Malik and Nicholas Pooran eased the side over the line.  \n  Brief scores: St Kitts and Nevis Patriots 121 in 19 overs (Qais Ahmad 3-28) lost to Guyana Amazon Warriors 122/3 in 15.5 overs (Brandon King 49) by seven wickets  ","news_title":" Qais Ahmad carries Warriors to fourth consecutive win ","news_date":"Sun, September 15, 2019"},{"news_id":9,"news_content":"  Experienced keeper-batter Rachel Priest is back among the list of contracted New Zealand Women cricketers for the 2019-20 season. Priest, 34, last represented the White Ferns at the 2017 World Cup in England and was left out thereafter with then coach Haidee Tiffen citing the player's poor fitness as reason for the axing.  \n  A veteran of 154 international appearances, Priest has forged her way back into the national team reckoning with her impressive show in this year's Women's Super League T20 in England, finishing fourth in the tournament's run charts with 365 runs at a strike-rate of 145 as her team, Western Storm, clinched the title.  \n  Priest has been joined in the contract list by off-spinner Anna Peterson, also omitted last year, while seamer Rosemary Mair and batter Lauren Down are first-time recipients of the national contract. Down and Mair both toured Australia with the White Ferns earlier this year.  \n  \"I want to bowl fast, so my training will be centered around that and working with bowling coach Jacob Oram to get the best out of my action,\" Mair said. \"I'm excited for what's ahead and this contract gives me the resources and time to really commit and focus my energy on cricket.\"  \n  Regular captain Amy Sattherthwaite will remain contracted but won't play this summer having already confirmed that she is expecting her first child with wife and teammate Lea Tahuhu. New Zealand's next assignment is in January when they host South Africa for a full series in their build-up to the T20 World Cup. New head coach Bob Carter and the management team are yet to appoint a new captain.  \n  Contracted Players for 2019-20: Suzie Bates, Bernadine Bezuidenhout, Sophie Devine, Lauren Down, Maddy Green, Holly Huddleston, Hayley Jensen, Leigh Kasperek, Amelia Kerr, Rosemary Mair, Katey Martin, Katie Perkins, Anna Peterson, Rachel Priest, Hannah Rowe, Amy Satterthwaite, Lea Tahuhu  ","news_title":" Rachel Priest back among contracted New Zealand cricketers ","news_date":"Thu, September 26, 2019"},{"news_id":10,"news_content":"  Rohit Sharma was an ecstatic skipper as Mumbai Indians (MI) completed a brilliant turnaround in Indian Premier League (IPL) 2015 with a clinical 41-run win in the final against Chennai Super Kings (CSK). Rohit, who led from the front with the bat with a quick-fire half-century, said his team played like \"true champions\" and were the deserved winners.  \n  Speaking after the game, Rohit, who was also named the Man of the Match, said: \"We played like true champions. Mumbai Indians have shown great character. It was just a matter of putting everything on the field and I couldn't have asked for anything better. We've got guys in our team to do well. We always spoke about showing character.\"  \n  Not many gave Mumbai a chance to make it past the league phase, let alone the final, when they lost five of their first six matches. Despite facing must-win situations quite a few times, Rohit Sharma's side did not let the pressure get to them and they went on to join Chennai and Kolkata Knight Riders as two-time IPL champions.  \n  Rohit rated the title victory in 2015 as a sweeter one when compared to their win in 2013. \"We won in 2013, but this is very sweet. We came from nowhere to win. Credit to all the boys for doing well. It was important that we got some momentum, it didn't happen at the start, but the turnaround was great.\"  \n  Speaking about Mumbai's terrific comeback after a poor start to the tournament, Rohit said: \"To be honest, there was no game-changing instance for us. We did not have any instance like that. we knew the moment we would lose, we would be out of the tournament and we treated every game as a final, as it was our last game,\"  \n  On MS Dhoni's decision to field first, Rohit said: \"It was a good toss to lose. When MS said he would like to bowl first, I was little happy inside. It's a big game, you want to put runs on the board and put pressure on the opposition. That exactly what happened. In big games, you would like to do that that's my preference.\"  \n  CSK skipper Dhoni, whose side has now experienced four losses in six IPL summit clashes, said Mumbai got away at the start of the innings and Chennai could not pull things back, which made the difference.  \n  \"I think they got too many on the board. First over was very good but the second wasn't and that was the instance when Mumbai Indians gained momentum. The kind of momentum they built from that point, it was difficult for us.  \n  Chasing a mammoth 203, Chennai failed to get going in the chase, and Dhoni said Mumbai scored 10-15 runs more than what they expected, which added to the pressure. \"We didn't start well with the bat as well. There was some uneven bounce as the game progressed. They got some extra 10-15 runs and that can put a lot of pressure while chasing. This was more of a team effort. There are a few cricketers in our team who have not played to their potential but we have done well as a team. Losing Brendon McCullum was a big blow, he would have been perfect at the start for us today.\"  ","news_title":" Mumbai Indians played like true champions: Rohit Sharma ","news_date":"Sun, May 24, 2015"},{"news_id":11,"news_content":"  Shoaib Malik hit the sweet spot between batsmanship and captaincy on Wednesday night at Sabina Park, extending Guyana Amazon Warriors' winning start to a fifth game with a crushing 81-run defeat of hosts Jamaica Tallawahs. Malik applied the finishing touches to a dominating batting effort, his unbeaten 37-ball 67 taking Guyana to 218 before tactically outsmarting the Tallawahs top-order with eight overs of relentless spin.  \n  Malik's only misstep, on an otherwise blemish-free day in the office, was when he called wrong at the Toss. But his team made the most of being asked to bat as Shimron Hetmyer and Brandon King offset the early loss of Chandrapaul Hemraj with clean hitting. In eight overs, Guyana raced away to 74 before Hetmyer's 25-ball knock of 44 was ended by Dwayne Smith.  \n  Malik, the new batsman, ensured there was no loss of momentum as he joined King for another rapid partnership. While King alternated between block or six (he hit half a dozen maximums) Malik brought his famed street-smartness to the partnership, using the late cut past short third-man to excellent effect. Even after King's dismissal, the batsmen that followed - Nicholas Pooran (20 off 11) and Sherfane Rutherford (15 off 6) - combined with Malik to propel the total well past the now-customary (for this season) 200 mark.  \n  Given the propensity of teams to make seemingly insurmountable totals chaseable this season, the Tallawahs - what with a bevy of hard hitters at their disposal - would have fancied their chances. But they were sucker-punched out of the contest by Malik, who didn't offer the batsmen any pace to work with. Chris Green and Imran Tahir opened the bowling and had both Gayle and Glenn Phillips on a tight leash. Gayle attempted to break free against Tahir but only succeeded in top-edging a wild slog to be dismissed for 7.  \n  Tahir followed that up with the wicket of Chadwick Walton while Green and Qais Ahmed removed Javelle Glenn and George Worker respectively. After eight continuous overs of spin, Jamaica were forced into a corner that read 51 for 4. What the opening squeeze achieved was put the target beyond Andre Russell's reach. Russell, as is his wont, made a fist of it for a while - slamming two sixes off Keemo Paul enroute his 19-ball 40. Malik was once again on hand to take a crucial catch to send back Russell and Paul returned to polish off the tail to stud a day of Guyana dominance with a three-wicket haul of his own.  \n  Brief scores: Guyana Amazon Warriors 218/6 in 20 overs (Shoaib Malik 67*, Brandon King 59; Andre Russell 2-35) beat Jamaica Tallawahs 137 in 17.3 overs (Andre Russell 40; Keemo Paul 3-34, Imran Tahir 2-21) by 81 runs  ","news_title":" Shoaib Malik helps Guyana maintain spotless CPL19 record ","news_date":"Thu, September 19, 2019"}],"message":"Retrieved all news"}